Update stylelint-stylistic plugin link (#7419)
stylelint/stylelint: docs/migration-guide/to-15.md

There are lots of other rules we don't turn on in the [standard config](https://www.npmjs.com/package/stylelint-config-standard) and you can learn more about using them to customize Stylelint to your exact needs in our [new guide](../user-guide/customize.md).

> Alternatively, you can continue to enforce stylistic consistency with Stylelint by using the community plugins [stylelint-stylistic](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@stylistic/stylelint-plugin) that have migrated the deprecated rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can continue to enforce stylistic consistency with Stylelint by using the community plugin [`@stylistic/stylelint-plugin`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@stylistic/stylelint-plugin) that has migrated the deprecated rules.
```

Reviewer: My comment about the package name: https://github.com/stylelint/awesome-stylelint/pull/62#pullrequestreview-1791073624
